We have 2,500 delegates coming in.
For us,
we want to give them our absolute best.
What we want them to feel
is the love of the true brotherhood.
The commission was to make it
a life-changing experience.
In order to do that, we thought we
had to put together more than just,
‘Come and have some dinner with us.’
Overwhelming
—I don’t know how to express how I feel.
We had to first of all come up with
and create the acts.
So I went in a room for two days
and cried and prayed.
This is where the trust
that Jehovah is directing us
through his organization has helped us.
There was so much more involved
in showing hospitality to our delegates
than we originally thought.
We have an original, authentic,
1892 chuck wagon,
real Texas cowboys, real horse trainers,
roping lessons, and Texas Longhorns.
We’re making buttermilk biscuits
just like they did on the trail
—in a Dutch oven with coals.
We have four different casts that we’re using
(each somewhere
in the range of 80-90 per cast),
three different locations
we’re going to be performing at,
and this spans over four days.
The evening programs
include providing some food
to the friends that are here,
some spiritual entertainment
with music, some interviews, some videos.
We haven’t had field service
as part of our conventions as in the past.
However, it’s so apparent
that Jehovah is behind this
—the example set by the slave;
it’s so evident that this should be done.
They’re facing similar challenges
in the ministry,
but they’re still working hard
while dealing with these challenges.
Hearing that was very encouraging,
and it gave me the renewed motivation
to keep preaching with zeal.
We also needed volunteers
to come to the Assembly Hall
and greet the delegates
as they came in off the buses.
At first, I wasn’t sure why
there were so many people outside
when I saw them from the bus.
When I found out
that they were there to welcome us,
it brought me to tears.
When we found out that the tours
were coming to the Assembly Hall,
we knew that we were going
to have an extra special blessing.
We had well over 3,600 volunteers
and probably more like 5,000
that were willing to help.
We contacted probably a little bit
over 200 congregations
to participate in these activities.
We are from Cheyenne, Wyoming
—about 850 miles (1,367 km) away.
We started about two or three weeks ago
getting all the wagons ready,
and it took a couple of days to get here.
One of the things
I had to do
was to ask permission at my job
—ask for a week off in order to be here.
I prayed a lot to Jehovah.
And through him, they gave me permission,
and I was able to be here.
I’m so energized and pumped,
and I really just see us
walking into the new world
and feeling all of this every day.
My job has been to come up with drawings
and paintings for note cards
of things that are indigenous
to Washington.
I had the privilege of designing the logo
that went on the gift bags
for the international convention.
We’re going to sing for the delegates.
I want to sing for the delegates
because I want to make God happy
and the delegates too.
The singing at the airports
—it was touching
to see them waiting for us
at night,
because we arrived around 10:00 p.m.
I think that they’ll be happy
to see all of us welcoming them
and the things that we’re preparing for them
—something to take back
with them to remember
this opportunity that they have had.
This part, the top part—the large JW
was actually from The Messenger,
which was back in 1931
at the international convention
in Columbus, Ohio.
As you see with all the brothers and sisters
—everyone wanting to contribute,
everyone wanting to have a part,
everyone wanting to be called,
everyone wanting to participate
in whatever way they can.
Welcome to Seattle!
Just seeing it being used
and enjoyed by the delegates
was a great feeling.
I was a little bit tired from the flight.
But when you
(kind of like) saw all the smiles
and the cheers
and the big banners and all the gifts,
it was just like, “Oh, my goodness!”
You felt loved, didn’t you?
You felt loved straightaway.
You felt loved.
It was love.
We don’t know where they’re from.
We don’t know their names.
But they just smile and wave,
and seeing that unity
—I mean it’s genuine love, and you just—
you just almost want to cry.
We want them to know
that they have brothers here
that will support them
and who love them and are willing
to do whatever we can
to make them enjoy their stay here.
Yes.
We just want them to feel
like our arms have been around them
the whole time they’ve been here.
It really shows
that Jehovah is behind the work.
But it also shows the loving brotherhood
because it’s so evident
by what you see with all the happy faces
—the zeal, the enthusiasm.
Everything that is being spent
is all so that we can praise Jehovah
but also to welcome his sheep, the delegates,
coming from all the different parts
of the world.
I hope that 2,000-3,000 years from now
somebody walks up to me and says:
“I remember you!
You were at the cowboy deal in Texas!”
That, to me, would be fantastic.
I know cowboys aren’t supposed to cry,
but trust us,
we do when it comes to this.
I’m so happy!
It moves me to tears.
They came here
to let us sing,
and they watched us,
so they take our song with them.
We want the delegates to be happy!